docs: Add and refine developer contribution guidelines (#1356)
omegat-org/omegat: src_docs/developer/01.ContributingOmegaT.md

This gives everyone a chance to understand your idea, give feedback, or suggest alternatives.

---

### 2. Open a Ticket

Once your idea is clear, please open a ticket to track your proposed change:

- 🐛 **For bug fixes**:  
  Open a "Bug" ticket here:  
  [https://sourceforge.net/p/omegat/bugs/](https://sourceforge.net/p/omegat/bugs/)

- ✨ **For new features or improvements**:  
  Open a "Request For Enhancement (RFE)" here:  
  [https://sourceforge.net/p/omegat/feature-requests/](https://sourceforge.net/p/omegat/feature-requests/)

> ⚠️ We do **not** use GitHub Issues. Please use SourceForge only!

---

### 3. Submit Your Code

You can contribute your changes in one of two ways:

- **Option A: Patch file**  
  Create a patch (e.g., using `git diff`) and attach it to the ticket on SourceForge.

- **Option B: Pull request (PR)**  
  Fork the OmegaT project on GitHub and open a PR from your fork.

---

### 4. Code Review and Integration

All submitted patches and pull requests will be reviewed by a core developer:

- If your change is accepted, it will be merged into the `master` branch by the reviewer or an integration manager.

> - If any improvements are needed, you’ll receive feedback, suggestions, or questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If any improvements are needed, you'll receive feedback, suggestions, or questions.
```

---

## Need Help?

> Don’t worry if you’re new to this! We’re happy to help you get started. Ask questions on the developers mailing list or check other parts of this guide for help with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't worry if you're new to this! We're happy to help you get started. Ask questions on the developers mailing list or check other parts of this guide for help with:
```

Before submitting code, we recommend starting a discussion on the **OmegaT Developers Mailing List**:  
📬 [http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/omegat-development](http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/omegat-development)

This gives everyone a chance to understand your idea, give feedback, or suggest alternatives.

---

### 2. Open a Ticket

Once your idea is clear, please open a ticket to track your proposed change:

- 🐛 **For bug fixes**:  
  Open a "Bug" ticket here:  
  [https://sourceforge.net/p/omegat/bugs/](https://sourceforge.net/p/omegat/bugs/)

- ✨ **For new features or improvements**:  
  Open a "Request For Enhancement (RFE)" here:  
  [https://sourceforge.net/p/omegat/feature-requests/](https://sourceforge.net/p/omegat/feature-requests/)

> ⚠️ We do **not** use GitHub Issues. Please use SourceForge only!

---

### 3. Submit Your Code

You can contribute your changes in one of two ways:

- **Option A: Patch file**  
  Create a patch (e.g., using `git diff`) and attach it to the ticket on SourceForge.

- **Option B: Pull request (PR)**  
  Fork the OmegaT project on GitHub and open a PR from your fork.

---

### 4. Code Review and Integration

> All submitted patches and pull requests will be reviewed by a core developer. If your change is accepted:
> 
> - It will be merged into the `master` branch by the reviewer or an integration manager.
> - You’ll receive feedback, suggestions, or questions if any improvements are needed.

Reviewer: One of the two options is that the code is not accepted, so I think we should change how we introduce them.

```suggestion
All submitted patches and pull requests will be reviewed by a core developer:

- If your change is accepted, it will be merged into the `master` branch by the reviewer or an integration manager.
- If any improvements are needed, you’ll receive feedback, suggestions, or questions.
```

---

## Need Help?

> Don’t worry if you’re new to this! We’re happy to help you get started. Ask questions on the developers mailing list or
> check other parts of this guide for help with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don’t worry if you’re new to this! We’re happy to help you get started. Ask questions on the developers mailing list or check other parts of this guide for help with:
```
